Core gameplay:
	Inner loop:
		live blaseball game sim
		    player substitutions
		    player abilities - once per game things?
		        player on-entry effects? (instead of abilities? the only way to call pitches / hits)
        before game strategy
            lineup
            planned strategy
        events
            incineration / peanuts / etc.
        win/lose
    Mid loop:
        player management
            condition
            injuries
            lovers / besties / parentship / rivals / enemies / interventions
            events
        team development
            player gatchapon
        team approval (based on team government)
    Outer loop:
        blaseball politics


windows / scenes:

main menu
    load
    new
        pick team
        build your own
    import
        players
        teams

management view
    news (home page, feed of events, scrollable, next game button, etc)
    manager (you and your status, how close you are to being canned, resources availible, etc)
        team politics (adjust and play team politics, per-team setting including all capts, one owner, etc)
    players (summary of players with stats)
        relations (summary of player relationships with more detail breakdown)
        training (player training profiles)
        specific player breakdown (is this a hover option?)
    team (summary of team options and strategy)
        practice (team practice options and management)
        lineup (lineup settings)
        strategy (strategy setting )
        coaches
    intel (other team details)
    politics (cross-team meta options)
    next game
        game history

game view
    scoreboard
    bases
    hit order
    pitcher status

floating utils:
    notepad
    calc
    calendar
    playerdb


what does the standard management window look like?
0. a set of "main windows", which are handled by mainwindow and which pop
    over the main game. these include options, save/load, meta-game stuff.
1. a set of "base windows", which can be switched between via toolbar
    (ref motorsports manager)
    each base screen represents a general aspect of the game:
        your performance, your players, team strat, politics, next game, etc.
    each base screen shows a basic summary, with clickable buttons
        buttons bring up windows to access and do things
        some buttons do things direct, but this is rare
    these clickable buttons do one of three things:
        - a direct action
        - open another base screen (typically from the bottom, to indicate a
            sub-menu)
        - open a function window, which lets you do things
        - lastly, certain areas / text pop up tooltip windows
2. function window
    a pop-up window designed to do an action. ranges from a simple
    confirmation to a larger context action
        modal: locks out other function windows, only one is active at any time
            closing it is the same as a cancel action, which is the same as
            right-clicking
        can be downsized?
            (splorts window is a function window?)
            if downsized and cancellable, opening another function window cancels
                the current one
3. tooltip window
    information only
    can be pinned
    typically closed

x. navigation
    short hover: pop tooltips
    left click: do things, open windows, etc
        left click on a tooltop popup context pins the tooltip.
        left click in a tooltip window area pins the tooltip
        left click in a tooltip popup context pins the child and the parent
    right click: back, always
        if current context is a base window, it moves up one level
            from sub-base, to toolbar base, to news window
        if current context is a function or a tooltip, it unpins and closes them
    middle click: pin/unpin, always
        if middle click a base window, it unpins everything

you defs need CK3-style expando-tooltips




some calculations:
PLAYER COUNT:
    baseball is 25 players, deploy 12ish
    fire emblem sacred stones is deploy 12 from 33
    genology lets you deploy 24
    three houses is deploy 12 from 9 + eehhhh
    with good indications (ck3 style, with identifiers, stars and expandotips)
    you could possibly run 20 / 25 players on a team total, deploy 10 per game

    this is pushing it. All named characters would have to be on this roster:
        coaches, scouts, managers, merch, etc. etc. all need to be players.
        which is great actually

    the user would really only know a few players from other teams, so we'd
        need to make those hooks strong, distinctive, and well-signposted.
        (fit in with relationship system)


GAME TIME:
    a season is 99 games.
    at 10 seconds per game (no user input, fast sim, 1 sec/inning):
        16 minutes of game per season.
        with management focus, that's about an hour per season.
            if you want inter-season politics to be a main focus of the game,
            you need games to fit in the 10-20 second time
        this means a season is about a game session,
    at 30 seconds per game:
        50 minutes of game per season.
        with management focus, that's about 2 hours per season. that means
        a season is a long session, or several smaller sessions.
    at 2 minutes per game:
        3.3 hours of game per season
        a season is about 5-6 hours; so a full session is 4-5 seasons
        this is really the upper bound
    a blaseball game is 20 minutes:
        33 hours of game per season

    you can bring time down with the following features:
        "automation": planned substitutions, manager rules, etc.
            can even tie into games: manager positions with specific calls you
            can assign them
        game summaries: generate highlight tracks (ties in with possible memory system)
    you can "buy time" with the following stuff:
        inter-season events
        stronger focus on working with your current team (think moto sim)
        reducing / limiting decision windows so there's less options between
        regular games




WHAT IS THE BARE MINIMUM PRE-ALPHA GAME NEED?
    a barebones UI
    a league of teams, each with players, each with some set of stats
        player vibes
    a few basic decisions to make for the player:
        lineup changes and selection
        weather and weather effects (sunny, eclipse)
        votes into blessings (blessings are +stat, swap only)
    saving and loading

what is barebones player stats:
    name
    hitting
    running
    defense
    power
    accuracy
    strategy
    fingers
    element




picking this back up, where are we:
MVP:
 - random generated teams
 - view player list
 - blaseball sim
 - saving and loading
 - next game

let's do some basic UI outlining for the rev 0

news:
- game history
- next game button
management:
- win/loss record
- minimum win/loss record
- you are: above/below
players:
- list of players on team with stats
team:
- current rotation
- can swap players around to positions
intel:
- next game's team breakdown
politics:
- offered trades (random) with "star bank"
games:
- scrollable game schedule



different out of game positions unlock which add workload but do things.
ideas:
normal: coach, analysist, scout
weird: nutritionist, massage therapist, mascot
weirder: weatherman, mage



reliquary: unlock all game features
- weather types
- elections
- injuries
- positions
- blessing packs

blessings & elections come in "election packs", which are like trading card packs?


the reliquary has the SCALES:
some relics make your life easier (player positions, more control)
some relics make your life harder (injuries, bad weather)
as the scales tip, cosmic forces conspire for / against you.


fans: vote in elections for you, based on your current popularity. you can ask the fans, and even campaign
(/ have players campaign / propagandize) to get them to focus on a blessing and get other teams / fans to let you have
something.
